I ordered this TV for my mother, thought she would enjoy a smart TV.
First TV arrived with broken screen- but this was undetectable until it was plugged in and the Cox Cable installer was out to install TV with Cox system. $50 paid to Cox- no working TV. Requested a replacement TV from Amazon, no problems there with ordering a replacement (thank you Amazon).
Second TV: Cox came back out to install, smart part of TV not working. Called TCL customer service, after a lot of time and transfers to minimally english speaking people, we were told that our modem was bad, something about a security issue with the modem. We were told we needed to purchase a new modem. Cox got $50 more for install/troubleshooting.
Paid computer tech to purchase and install new modem. "Smart" part TV still not working, tech guy said that the TV was bad. $150 for service call and new modem.
At this point my mom wanted to throw in the towel, so I decided to try to help her out since I got her into this mess. I drove the 3.5 hours up to her house, sure enough, this TV was not working as it should, so I went to Costco, picked up the same model, brought it home, and plugged it in, FINALLY SUCCESS!!!!! So, after 2 bad TV's and an extra $250 paid to tech support for needless stuff, and 7 hours of driving by me we have a working TV. Yay?
I called TCL and asked for a manager and explained how my mother's $280 TV actually cost her $500 to get working. Based on pretty darn good reviews, I thought if we presented TCL with all of our receipts to get a TV working (no thanks to their own tech support) , they would do something to make her a happy customer, but they said NO. I then asked if I could talk to a supervisor, and they assured me that one would call me back in 48 hours..... and that was over a week ago.
BOTTOM LINE: My experience was poor- 2 out of 3 TV's were bad, customer service seems good if you have a basic, "how do you do this" question, otherwise the response time is days, if at all, and then it is not correct. WOULD NEVER BUY FROM THIS MANUFACTURE AGAIN- POOR PRODUCT, DISMAL CUSTOMER SERVICE. BOOOOOOO
TCL- If you choose to read this, and want to make it right, I will happily update my review, but if there is no updates here, beware of this company. My case # is 12841 and I last spoke to Mariel.
I am amazed at the quality of this HDTV given the price. My older television was a 1080p model that could only do 1080p resolution in 1920x1080, but this tv allows for 1080p in a variety of resolutions such as 1360x768 while sitll having 1080 lines of vertical resolution. I was worried that the legs would be flimsy but they are very sturdy. The viewing angle allowance is extremely broad and I can see it from anywhere in the room just as well as sitting in front of it. The 5w speakers sound great and it also allows for additional coaxial audio out or 3.5mm jack to connect a speaker bar or HD sound system. I am using this as a media display connected to my desktop PC via an nVidia GeForce 210 Silent ASUS video card and it is fantastic as a secondary display. The picture is crisp, the backlight is perfect. I tested it with several 1080p movies with a lot of blacks/contrasting colors/cgi such as Aliens, Star Trek Into Darkness, Burton's Batman and Interstellar and all looked stunning. Also tested with several PS3 games as well with zero complaints. This model has plenty of nice features; I love the intuitive menu system for changing inputs from one device to another effortlessly. The device does have three hdmi ports all on the side despite the product info stating it only has two. This is NOT a smart TV and doesn't need to be if it's connected to a PC. It also fully supports RoKu, Firestick or any other streaming device that connects via HDMI. The USB port can display images or play mp3s from any flash drive and most cell phones. I have been using it to connect my phone when I'm home for charging to save me a USB port on my PC or from needing to use a wall charger. I enjoy being able to display my photos as shuffling wallpapers or play the music from my portable collection. The frame around the screen is quite small being under 1" to maximize viewing display and minimize the space it takes up.
I was wary of the TCL branding considering I'd never heard of the company before and I was very pleasantly surprised with what I got!
With prime shipping it arrived the third day (when the order wasn't placed until 11pm on the first). The packaging was very good with the TV secured well into the foam ends and double covers for the screen inside the box. It was lightweight and easy to bring inside and assemble the legs/set up. For the price tag under $250 I don't see you getting a better deal and I would highly recommend this television to anyone who needs a media center television and is on a budget! TCL 40FD2700 40-Inch 1080p LED TV (2015 Model)
